DOC-1991: Added TINY-9739 to the release notes. (#2735)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

{productname} 6.5 also includes the following bug fixes:

> === It was possible to remove links in `contenteditable= "false"` contents with the 'unlink' editor command
> //#TINY-9739
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, when the `contenteditable` property was disabled on the editor's body element and the 'unlink' command was used while a link was selected, it made it possible to remove links within `contenteditable= "false"` elements.
> 
> To fix this issue, the 'unlink' command was updated in {productname} 6.5, which ensures that no action is preformed when the current selection is in a `contenteditable= "false"` context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== It was possible to remove links in elements with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set with the `unlink` editor command
//#TINY-9739

Prevously, if the {productname} root element had a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set and the `unlink` editor command was used while a link was selected, the link was, incorrectly, removed.

For this upate, the `unlink` command was updated. If the current selection is within an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set, issuing an `unlink` command has no effect: the link remains in place as expected.
```

Edits.
